The Beginning of the End!
Once upon a time there  was a bald headed baby born on April 2, 2002. That baby... Was me. I was born around 12:45, 16 years later, here I am in college. Crazy right? Not really, my name is Hazel Figueroa and I'm 16 in college. In elementary school I wanted to be an actress, and a ninja but now that I'm older and know that's a really big reach for me, I decided I wanted to become a registered nurse working with children. I don't think I'll stop there though I might even rule the world one day and bring world peace who knows? I might still become a ninja and go on super secret ninja missions. Right now, I am currently taking IT classes in El Centro College so whenever I graduate high school I will have my High School Diploma and Associates Degree for IT. Cool, huh?

I'm a pretty funny and cool person I don't know why other people don't like me? My haters, family, and friends are my motivation.
I wanna become successful and be able to support my family and give back to my Mom and Dad for everything they did for me and everything they gave me.
I'm doing all this to make my parents proud of me and be the first in my family to graduate high school and college at the same time.
Things I wrote to pass the Essay word Limit!
My favorite Disney movies would have to be The Little Mermaid and Lilo and Stitch.
My favorite superhero is Aqua man, and Wonder Woman from the DC Universe cause you know DC is better than Marvel.
I have 2 friends one is my best friend and the other is my close friend. Their names are Sarahi and Areli they make school bearable. I'm always hungry, if you ever meet me in person I'm always saying I'm hungry or that I'm craving something, and no. I'm not pregnant, just fat. My sense of humor is mostly sarcasm or just things that pop into my head, I just blurt random things out and people laugh , I'm a pretty cool person if you ask me.
School is easy if I really try my best and put forth effort. I really do suck at math though there's no fixing that, I'm OK at it though I don't completely suck. My favorite subject would have to be History because we take lots of notes and I love writing notes for some weird reason. The IT class is really fun, the professor is nice and funny, his sense of humor is on point.
IT is very fun to do, I think it's easy you just have to remember the coding and know file management. It's hard when you don't have the right supplies or apps to do the work on, which means you gotta spend money and buy it. That's not the case most of the time though, we always try to find a loophole to let us do what we gotta do. I have a really good grade in the IT class I'm in just have to keep that up and try not to slack or lose motivation because that can lead to me failing. Which leads me to why I'm writing this 1000 word essay we need it to post it on our website. You should care about my little essay because it's my grade and I really don't wanna fail! I'm trying my best here you guys. Me and my friend Areli are struggling at the moment to make 600 words happen to get a good grade in this class, my creative juices are giving up on me so I'm just writing random stuff because why not? Okay bye.
